docs: Improve documentation based on SRE feedback (#2534)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/resources/05-modulereleasemeta.md

kubectl get crd modulereleasemetas.operator.kyma-project.io -o yaml
```

> [!Note]

> > The ModuleReleaseMeta CR lives in both Kyma Control Plane (KCP) and SAP Kyma Runtime (SKR) clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The ModuleReleaseMeta CR is applied in both Kyma Control Plane (KCP) and SAP BTP, Kyma runtime clusters.
```

> > Lifecycle-Manager synchronizes the ModuleReleaseMeta from KCP to the applicable SKRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Lifecycle Manager synchronizes the ModuleReleaseMeta from KCP to the applicable Kyma runtime instances.
```
